src/content/blog/ct-hackerspace-class-linux-101.md, before:

---
title: CT Hackerspace Class - Linux 101
slug: ct-hackerspace-class-linux-101
date: 2025-01-30 20:00:00
categories:
  - Events
  - Linux
description: "Upcoming Class on 2/15/2025: Linux 101"
author: CThackerspace
---

# Linux 101: Putting the *fun* in Fundamentals of Linux

**Editor's Note:** A previous version of this article had the wrong date. This has been corrected.

Date: Saturday, 2/15/2025 at 2:00pm<br/>
Location: CT Hackerspace<br/>
Address: 30 Echo Lake Road, Watertown CT 06795<br/>

![Tux](/uploads/2025/01/penguin.jpg)

This short Linux course is designed for beginners and intermediate users who want to transform Linux from an intimidating platform to their go-to daily operating system. The course provides a practical approach to learning Linux while covering basic and advanced skills that will empower students to confidently navigate, manage, and utilize Linux environments.

## Course Highlights

- Tailored classes on linux fundamentals based on atendee's skill levels
- Filesystem management including navigate directories, managing files, and security
- Essential and basic Linux commands
- Basic shell scripting with commands like ls, cd, pwd, mkdir5

## Prerequisites

- A **_highly suggested_** $20 donation to help maintain the space
- Basic computer literacy
- Willingness to learn
- Optional: A computer that can run linux

By the end of this course, students will have a good foundation in Linux and a small community to learn with.

We hope to see you there!

Commit message:

Updating the Linux Class AGAIN. Lousy Smarch Weather.

src/content/blog/ct-hackerspace-class-linux-101.md, after:

---
title: CT Hackerspace Class - Linux 101
slug: ct-hackerspace-class-linux-101
date: 2025-01-30 20:00:00
categories:
  - Events
  - Linux
description: "Upcoming Class on 2/22/2025: Linux 101"
author: CThackerspace
---

# Linux 101: Putting the *fun* in Fundamentals of Linux

**UPDATE 2/14/2025** This class was originally scheduled to be on 2/15 at 2PM, but has been postponed by one week due to winter weather. Stay warm!

Date: Saturday, 2/22/2025 at 5:00pm<br/>
Location: CT Hackerspace<br/>
Address: 30 Echo Lake Road, Watertown CT 06795<br/>

![Tux](/uploads/2025/01/penguin.jpg)

This short Linux course is designed for beginners and intermediate users who want to transform Linux from an intimidating platform to their go-to daily operating system. The course provides a practical approach to learning Linux while covering basic and advanced skills that will empower students to confidently navigate, manage, and utilize Linux environments.

## Course Highlights

- Tailored classes on linux fundamentals based on atendee's skill levels
- Filesystem management including navigate directories, managing files, and security
- Essential and basic Linux commands
- Basic shell scripting with commands like ls, cd, pwd, mkdir5

## Prerequisites

- A **_highly suggested_** $20 donation to help maintain the space
- Basic computer literacy
- Willingness to learn
- Optional: A computer that can run linux

By the end of this course, students will have a good foundation in Linux and a small community to learn with.

We hope to see you there!
